[Music] Who am I, who am I, who am
I?
From birth, I've always searched for poetry.
Life has been full of hardships. What do I need?
What do I gain? And who am I? Childhood is always
searching. Am I youth? Old
age or death?
Where is the true me? The truth is at
Buddha's birth. Time is ever further and further away, inherently impermanent.
Possession is the secret. Oh, the
simple truth! Poetry is always a
street corner. Where can I find it? Only the Bodhi mind dwells. I'm
always searching for myself in the light of suffering.
Only the Bodhi mind
dwells. My body is
me, who am I? Am I childhood? Why
has childhood passed?
Middle age or old age, am I me? Why not?
Everything will pass.
So in death, am I there or
not? I die, and consciousness continues to
drift. In the cycle of suffering, only the
enlightened mind and boundless compassion are a
life of revenge. That is my true self, also the
Bodhi mind. Only the mind dwells on the lips.
From birth, I've always searched for myself.
Life has been full of hardships. What do I need?
What do I gain?
And who am I?
Childhood is always searching for
myself.  Is it the youthful toil
or the
first death that truly makes
time drift further and further away? The mundane is impermanent,
possessing is the secret,
oh simple truth,
where does the heart show us?
Only the Bodhi mind dwells, truly we are
forever searching for ourselves in ignorance, where is it? Only the
Bodhi mind dwells, truly the
truth at Buddha's birth, time drifts further and further away,
discovering impermanence, possessing is the secret, the
simple truth, poetry is forever
hidden, where does it show us?
Only the Bodhi mind dwells,
truly we are
forever searching for ourselves
in ignorance and suffering. Only the soul
truly we are
forever searching for ourselves in ignorance, where is it?
Only the Bodhi mind
dwells,
truly great
[music]